hornets - like fireballs but slow velocity once launched until stopping and hover around a point
- launch a stream from hiveman
- spawn a couple around a static hive tile
- sometimes spawn one on a skeleton
cockroach - skeleton that moves away from light but towards you in the darkness
living block - block that moves on its own and can crush you/other things as a result
true roguelike mode - mode that swaps sprites of all items and all enemies for even more challenge. Include/unlock after EIEIH mode?
redo menu and log more stats like how many deaths per mode, how many kills for enemies as well as deaths. Make it a scrolling list
fire spitting skeleton vairant
special rooms?
- hall of mirrors where map doesn't work and you have to lost woods your way out





Should we make it so that the start room can't have stairs? Right now when that happens we spawn on the chest spot which forces us to have all exits traversable from chest spots which sucks 

Further tweak mapgen difficulties ratings?

Add more rooms

dying on the same frame from phantom as a stairs transition freezes game on end screen?

Add difficulty for collectables?

fireballs still go through chests

use pathfinding to calculate actual distances to lamps for phantom
- get path to nearest lamp, then path to nearest lamp from there, etc.
- constantly update path to switch toward moving toward nearest unlit lamp if that changes along the way?

switching from full border window to windowed mode screws everything up

when dropping an item directly on top of another item, put that item on the "bottom" of that pile of items so it is picked up last

destroyed door exit? Without bomb?

Fix lava tile drawing to use image_xscale and image_y_scale and image_rotation appropriately

refactor lava back to a single death that splits into parts like how we refactor walls
refactor all the places we do a switch statement to quadrant x and y offsets
- like tile section drawing
refactor to use clamp function
figure out how to make cardinal direction fireballs from explosion checked first?
- all fireballs that are blocked shouldn't blow up the thing they destroy until the end step/next step?

=== REFACTORS ===

Create new title screen with better sub menus
- Display last seed used?
- New Options
-- volume setting?
-- preset colors to choose from in options menu with left and right for game color
-- option for auto picking up items?

- Update red staff to go through doors (nd update key spawning TODO)

Refctor stairs_spot_obj to include chest_spot_obj as well instead of figuring out where to spawn things at room initilization

Refactor hands and collectables that use the run_away_from_player to instead use pathfinidng to find the spot furthest away from the player and run toward that
- create a seperate red_staff_grid to use for hands that hold red staff since just the lava grid and solid grid don't cut it for that

delete all spot/placeholder objects once room has been initialized?
- update blockspots and shovel interaction?

Add pathfinding to snakes to better pathfind toward dropped meats

Replace get_random_chance_out_of to accept floats in order to be able to set up less than 1/2 chances for things

farmer clock sprie hands flip xscale direction

Remove all commented out code that we don't need anymore
- Also Examine remaining TODO comments

Re-add map walker and implement smarter locking algorithm using node groupings

=== NEW FETAURES ===

Acid Smoke room that you need a lit torch to navigate?
one door that takes two keys?
spawn button that has no portcullis but opens a walled off passage?

One way doors?

orb summoner item?

Enemy that attacks you if you open the map around it

Should map display an unkown state for map exits until exploring them solidifies them as open or closed??
Should spiders spawn on level 1???
Should a certain amount of difficulty be required to spawn for the harder rooms?

dead adventurer that gives hints

add summoning circle that takes to you to a room with a chest but drops your items
replace stairs with summoning circles?
- they are one way stairs
- they give you a cool item/red item?
- Spawns enemy next to you?

Ability to somehow save an item for the next run?
new item: mirror that bounces back fireballs?


level editor
"custom": difficulty mode that lets you tweak the frequencies and numbers of different macro variables?

Audio impared accessibility option

add a reset data with an "are you sure" to the death log screen

new enemy: enemy that eats your arm? So you have one less item slot?
Pushable block monster?
Snake spawner
Fake stairs that lead to stomach
guy with really long arms
bear trap/sticky that you must move with tap only to escape

Should you be able to pick up and throw bones?
Should mouths be drawn toward dropped items and collectables somehow?
Red staff can go through doors without unlocking them?
 
=== NEW ROOM GENERATION ALGORITHM ===
Rooms need to know about themselves:
- Difficulty Level for collectables spots. Should be an estimate of number of seconds to collect all spots
- Whether or not room has a key spawned (including if key is red)
- Whether or not a room has a chest spawned
- Whether or not a room has a lantern and can be lit or not
- Whether or not a room is considered "difficult" or appropriate to appear at the given difficulty
- What instances to include or exclude for each of the four exit directions for the purposes of filling in/clearing exits for misleading rooms